# Created on 10/6/2019 by Matthew Kelch

Test plan for Output.rb:

    Coverage:
    This test plan will directly cover Output.rb and Main.rb, since the output_html method is called
    only within Main.rb. Since the purpose of Output.rb is to create a formatted HTML document with CSS styling, this
    test plan should be more thorough in testing the application than running unit tests on Output.rb.

    Method:
    This test plan is designed to be followed by a user. Again, since the purpose of Output.rb is to create
    an HTML document, it is necessary for a human to look over the file to ensure that it is formatted well.

    Responsibility:
    Everyone on the project team followed this test plan. Anyone else with access to the source code
    can follow this test plan as well.

    Test Plan Steps:
    1. Run `Main.rb` in terminal, and make sure that you are prompted by the program to enter in course preferences.
    2. After the program executes, open the `preferences.txt` file in the root directory to make sure that your
            preferences were correctly interpreted and saved.
    3. Check the root directory to make sure that no professor's images were saved to root
    4. Verify that `output.html` was created in the root directory
    5. Open `output.html` in Firefox
        a. Verify that the header includes the College of Engineering logo, as well as header text `CSE Professor Directory`
        b. Verify that each professor has at least one course listed in the right-most column
            i. If a professor is listed without a course, then there is a bug in our logic
        c. Verify that a given professor does not have the same course listed more than once in their course list
        d. Click on some professors' names to verify that they link to their personal webpage
        e. Click on some course names to verify that they link to a syllabus page
        f. Verify that text is readable (based on both size and color), and that the overall layout is readable
    6. Verify that if an email was specified in step (1.), then that email address should receive a course listing from
            `CODEBOIZProj3@gmail.com`.

     If the above test plan is followed and all verifications are passed, then a user can be assured that Main.rb
     and Output.rb work well and are free of any major bugs.